Assignment 3: STL HashMap (short answer questions)
Names: Zijun He

Milestone 1: Const-Correctness
1.at() vs []
Q:
Explain the difference between at() and the implementation of the operator []. Wy did you have to overload one and not the other?
A:
At use find_node function to find the value paired with key, but operator [] use insert function: if the key is exist, it is same
as the at(), but if the key is not exist, it will create a new pair!
Operator [] may modify the map, and at() function never modify map, so I overload at() function.

2.Find vs. 𝓕𝓲𝓷𝓭
Q:
In addition to the HashMap::find member function, there is also a std::find function in the STL algorithms library. 
If you were searching for key k in HashMap m, is it preferable to call m.find(k) or std::find(m.begin(), m.end(), k)?
A:
It is preferable to use m.find(k) for it calculate k's hash value first so it just traverse one bucket! It will be faster than
std::find(m.begin(), m.end(), k).

3.RAII?
Q:
This HashMap class is RAII-compliant. Explain why. 
A:
The vector _buckets_array only accuired space when the hashmap is initialized, and only lost it's space when out of scope.

4.Increments
Q:
Briefly explain the implementation of HashMapIterator's operator++, which we provide for you. 
How does it work and what checks does it have?
A:(?)
The prefix ++: return the next node in current bucket, if it is nullptr, it will traverse other buckets until it find a node not
nullptr and then return the iterator.
The postfix ++: create an copy first, and then call postfix ++ to modify the iterator, but return the copy finally.

Milestone 2: Special Member Functions and Move Semantics
1.Attachment Issues
Q:
Why is it that we need to implement the special member functions in the HashMap class, 
but we can default all the special member functions in the HashMapIterator class?
A:
NO! If we use default copy constructor, two different bucket will contains same nodes! And if we use the default copy assignment,
it will cause memory leak.

2.Move Semantics
Q:
In your move constructor or move assignment operator, why did you have to std::move each member, 
even though the parameter (named rhs) is already an r-value reference? 
A: 
Because the attributes of the rhs may not be r-value, and assign it to the lhs's corresponding attribute may trigger copy 
instead of move, so we need to use std::move.